force changeset (#263)
gsoft-inc/wl-hopper: .changeset/late-trees-double.md

---
"@hopper-ui/components": major
"@hopper-ui/icons": major
---

> Update due to dependency update thas was a major update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated due to dependency update that was a major update.
```
